during this demonstration we are going
to experience how quick and easy it is
to get documents into SharePoint using
knowledge lay capture we start by
choosing to scan one page for document
to show you how quickly we can tag or
index five separate documents in quick
succession we select the first document
and open our panel the tag our content
with metadata about the document we
could manually key in this information
but knowledge like allows us to connect
to other systems or databases to fill
this data for us first we simply need to
select which type of document we are
working with this is all users will need
to know to get the document to the
proper place of SharePoint using the old
slate capture and this is all driven
from the content type the basic building
block and SharePoint so it's easy to
maintain and extend document types later
using point-and-shoot optical character
recognition or OCR we can capture the
invoice number digitize and verify the
selection and the system queries an
external database to automatically fill
all of the other values we will then
hand accept to begin tagging the next
document in the series we are going to
repeat the same process before we move
on to our POS we are now tagging a
different type of document and luckily
this document is more structured here
our barcode is being read so the content
type is already to determine all of the
data elements from the document are
being pulled into their proper field as
part of the process we are expected to
enter region in the city as this
information cannot be extracted from the
document so it must be entered manually
again for speed accuracy and ease of use
these fields are being populated by an
external database you'll notice here
that knowledge takes powerful logic
diminishes opportunities for human error
as you are only able to select cities
from within your chosen region once you
have selected our city we click Save and
quickly index the remaining two POS now
we can release the batch to SharePoint
where it is routed to the proper
location and ready for search sharing
and collaboration allowing individuals
throughout the enterprise to quickly
access the critical content needed to
move the business forward